How could it be possible that what on earth did you do to make my Zhao family bankrupt?
The Zhao family went bankrupt. The Zhao family went bankrupt.
The Zhao family went bankrupt. The Zhao family went bankrupt. The Zhao family went bankrupt. The Zhao family went bankrupt. The Zhao family went bankrupt. Zhao family
Bankrupt. The Zhao family went bankrupt.
The Zhao family went bankrupt. The Zhao family went bankrupt.
The Zhao family went bankrupt. The Zhao family went bankrupt. The Zhao family went bankrupt. The Zhao family went bankrupt.
The Zhao family went bankrupt.
The Zhao family went bankrupt. The Zhao family went bankrupt.
The Zhao family is bankrupt
It can really make the Zhao family lose their jobs.
It's even showing off one's face
Don't you want to die?
This guy is so cool too
Every time I talk big, I can come true.
you will really be
I've checked this car many times
How could I think of offending an adult?
My brother has nothing to do with you
Able to act like many business adults
Send someone to deliver Zhao's fart to Mr. Chen
will be printed in violation of regulations
Political advice to Mr. Chen
So the reason why the Zhao family went bankrupt was because he raped a woman with the Dragon Lord.
The Dragon Lord sent people to cut him off and fight him off.
This dead guy
Since you didn't come here, this is unconvincing news
That means you can find the richest man in the world, the Dragon Lord.
And Daxia’s assets are so big that just in case
This way Dabao can take a fancy to you
That is the blessing we have experienced in eight lifetimes.
I'll give you one day
Before the Dragon Lord returns the eye
You will be divorced by me at all
You lost the reputation of the bartender
You are not afraid of me
Is the Dragon Lord in your mouth